[DOC][TUTO] Step2 fix for tuffle version issue when building ganache (#595)
rsksmart/devportal: _quick-start/step2-install-truffle-and-ganache.md

# Step 2 : Install Truffle and Ganache

> What we achieved in step 1 is launching a local node on a local regtest net through RSKj. 
> Be sure to have it running because instead of typing json on a REPL console interface
> we are now going to use some more advanced clients than your fingers, the [Truffle Suite Framework](https://www.trufflesuite.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What we achieved in step 1 was to launch a local RSKj node on a Regtest network. 
Be sure to keep it running because instead of issuing manual JSON-RPC requests,
we are now going to use some a more advanced developer tool,
the [Truffle Suite](https://www.trufflesuite.com/).
```
